[Music]
what's your name Laura setting Croft
Barra your father's gone you could pick
up where he left off I see so much of
him in you
[Music]
brilliant hello sprout if you're
listening to this then I must be dead
I found something a tune called the
mother of death if Trinity succeeds our
world is in danger promise me you will
stop me I promise I think I know when my
dad went that's right in the middle of
the devil see it will be an adventure
death isn't a hunted an adventure
you shouldn't have come here but I'm
glad that you did
[Music]
what do you know about my father now I
see the lightness to recklessness close
the tomb once and fall the fate of
humanity is now in your hands
[Music]
don't be too careful these days the
world has gone bloody mad I'll take two